workshops/Module 0.md, before:

# Pre-Requisites for Knowledge Mining Workshop

Please make sure you fulfill the following pre-requisites before starting the workshop.

1.	Have your own Azure account 
1.	Be familiar [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
1.	Make sure you can create Azure resources in your subscription (including paid resources).

  *Note, if your organizations policy prohibits you from creating resources in the subscription, you can use a [free subscription](https://signup.azure.com) for the purposes of this lab.*

1. Create a resource group for this workshop where you will add each of the resources you will create in the next steps.
1. **Create** an [Azure Storage Account](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-quickstart-create-account?tabs=azure-portal).
    * Select Performance: *Standard* tier, not Premium
    * Select Account kind: *StorageV2 (general purpose v2)*
1. **Install** [Azure Storage Explorer](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/storage-explorer/)
1. **Copy** the storage container that holds clinical trials from a read only location to your Storage Account.
    1. **Open** Azure Storage Explorer and select *Managed Accounts*, *Add and Account...*, *Use a shared access signature (SAS) URI*. The *Display name* will autofill. Select *Next*
    1. **Add** the following *URI*, then select *Next*, then select *Connect*
        ```
        https://kmworkshop.blob.core.windows.net/clinical-trials-small?sv=2019-10-10&st=2020-09-14T19%3A21%3A00Z&se=2022-09-16T19%3A21%3A00Z&sr=c&sp=rl&sig=CtoGmOSkbap8ZOslI9EYeWs148gw4NdYpynU0Eyoj4s%3D
        ```
    1. **Select** *Toggle Explorer* to view the Explorer. Right click on the *clinical-trials-small* Blob Container that you just connected to and select *Copy Blob Container*
        ![](images/copyblobcontainer.png)
    1. **Find** your Storage Account in the Explorer. Right click on its *Blob Containers* and select *Paste Blob Container*.
        ![](images/pasteblobcontainer.png)
    1. Confirm that the container copied successfully by checking the Activities at the bottom of the Azure Storage Explorer.
1.	**Create** an [Azure Search](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-create-service-portal) resource. (A Free Tier should be sufficient for this workshop).
[Learn more](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-sku-tier)

1.	**Create** a [Cognitive Services resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/cognitive-services-apis-create-account?tabs=multiservice%2Cwindows).

  *Note - You need to create the Cognitive Services resource in the same region as you Azure Search resource.*

1.	**Install** [Visual Studio 2019](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/). Make sure you can create ASP.Net websites with it. We'll be using .NET Core 3.1
1. **Install** [Postman](https://www.getpostman.com/)
1. **Install** [PowerBI desktop](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/desktop/).

### Next: [Module 1: Using Azure Portal to Create Your Index - No Code Required](Module&#32;1.md)

Commit message:

Prompt  user to select Blob Container before adding SAS URL. W/out prompt user may be unsure of how to connect. Minor adjustments to order of steps as a result

workshops/Module 0.md, after:

# Pre-Requisites for Knowledge Mining Workshop

Please make sure you fulfill the following pre-requisites before starting the workshop.

1.	Have your own Azure account 
1.	Be familiar [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
1.	Make sure you can create Azure resources in your subscription (including paid resources).

  *Note, if your organizations policy prohibits you from creating resources in the subscription, you can use a [free subscription](https://signup.azure.com) for the purposes of this lab.*

1. Create a resource group for this workshop where you will add each of the resources you will create in the next steps.
1. **Create** an [Azure Storage Account](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-quickstart-create-account?tabs=azure-portal).
    * Select Performance: *Standard* tier, not Premium
    * Select Account kind: *StorageV2 (general purpose v2)*
1. **Install** [Azure Storage Explorer](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/storage-explorer/)
1. **Copy** the storage container that holds clinical trials from a read only location to your Storage Account.
    1. **Open** Azure Storage Explorer and select *Managed Accounts*, *Add an Account...*, *Blob Container* *Shared access signature URL (SAS)*. Select *Next*
    1. **Add** the following *Blob Container SAS URL*. The Display name will Autofill to be *clinical-trials-small*, then select *Next*, then select *Connect*
        ```
        https://kmworkshop.blob.core.windows.net/clinical-trials-small?sv=2019-10-10&st=2020-09-14T19%3A21%3A00Z&se=2022-09-16T19%3A21%3A00Z&sr=c&sp=rl&sig=CtoGmOSkbap8ZOslI9EYeWs148gw4NdYpynU0Eyoj4s%3D
        ```
    1. **Select** *Toggle Explorer* to view the Explorer. Right click on the *clinical-trials-small* Blob Container that you just connected to and select *Copy Blob Container*
        ![](images/copyblobcontainer.png)
    1. **Find** your Storage Account in the Explorer. Right click on its *Blob Containers* and select *Paste Blob Container*.
        ![](images/pasteblobcontainer.png)
    1. Confirm that the container copied successfully by checking the Activities at the bottom of the Azure Storage Explorer.
1.	**Create** an [Azure Search](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-create-service-portal) resource. (A Free Tier should be sufficient for this workshop).
[Learn more](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-sku-tier)

1.	**Create** a [Cognitive Services resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/cognitive-services-apis-create-account?tabs=multiservice%2Cwindows).

  *Note - You need to create the Cognitive Services resource in the same region as you Azure Search resource.*

1.	**Install** [Visual Studio 2019](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/). Make sure you can create ASP.Net websites with it. We'll be using .NET Core 3.1
1. **Install** [Postman](https://www.getpostman.com/)
1. **Install** [PowerBI desktop](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/desktop/).

### Next: [Module 1: Using Azure Portal to Create Your Index - No Code Required](Module&#32;1.md)
